Update templating.markdown distance() to include miles (#32954)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

Not supported in [limited templates](#limited-templates).

> - `distance()` will measure the distance in kilometers or miles between home, entity, or coordinates.

Reviewer: Can you provide a suggestion @coderabbitai?

> - `distance()` will measure the distance in kilometers or miles between home, entity, or coordinates.

Reviewer: Thanks, can you make it a committable suggestion in their PR please?

> - `distance()` will measure the distance in kilometers or miles between home, entity, or coordinates.

Reviewer: Can you provide this as a GitHub suggestion that I can apply directly in this comment?

> - `distance()` will measure the distance in kilometers or miles between home, entity, or coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `distance()` measures the distance between home, an entity, or coordinates. The unit of measurement (kilometers or miles) depends on the system's configuration settings.
```
